# xxx common library

(C) 2018-, Mura. All rights reserved.

This is my utility library written in C++17.

## Reserved names

This library reserves the following names:
 - any names in the global xxx namespase
 - all the macro names with 'xxx_' prefix

## Requirements

This library requires the followings:
 - C++17 compiler and standard libraries (to build)
 - CMake version 3.8 or higher (to build)
    - GNU make, Visual Studio, or other build system generated by the CMake (to build)
 - Doxygen, Graphviz, and Mscgen (to generate document)

## Supported environments

This library supports the newest stable version of following compilers:
 - LLVM clang++
 - GNU g++
 - Visual C++

This library requires 'hosted environment' basically.
Main targets are the following platforms:
 - 32/64-bit POSIX or similar OS
 - 32/64-bit Win32-based OS

But it is easy to port the library to another platform
because the library is free from such dependency as far as possible.
Platform-depended and/or implementation-defined code are sepaarted.

## Dependency

This library supports both the static (such as '.a' or '.lib') and
dynamic (such as '.so' or '.dll') link.
Furthermore, several headers are available as only headers without the libraries.

Generally, this library does not depend on third-party's library
excluding C++ standard library and platform's primitive libraries.

## References

This library conforms to the following specification:
 - ISO/IEC 14882:2017

## Usage

### To build

	$ cmake .
	$ male
	$ ./test/test

### To generate document

	$ doxygen
	$ w3m doc/xxx.html

